PORT-13567 Add-callout-for-existing-integration-secrets-in-add-port-secrets-guide (#2118)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/guides/all/acknowledge-incident.md

    <h3> Add Port secrets </h3>

>     :::tip Existing secrets

Reviewer: please create a template for this callout and use it in all of the guides, so we can avoid code duplication

>     If you have already installed Port's PagerDuty integration, these secrets should already exist in your portal.  
>     To view your existing secrets:
>     1. Click on the `...` button next to the profile icon in the top right corner
>     2. Click on **Credentials**
>     3. Click on the `Secrets` tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you have already installed Port's PagerDuty integration, these secrets should already exist in your portal.  
    To view your existing secrets:
    1. Click on the `...` button in the top right corner of your Port application.
    2. Click on **Credentials**.
    3. Click on the `Secrets` tab.
```
